Tests ran at _23_Feb_09_04_PM

0 tests passed out of 76 tests.

test_zoo_functionality.py::test_deer_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_two_deer_object_creation: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_deer_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_age_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_deer_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_food_in_kg_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_deer_constructor_raises_error_when_food_in_kg_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_deer_grow_method: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_deer_make_sound: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_deer_breathe: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_two_lion_object_creation: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_age_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_food_in_kg_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_constructor_raises_error_when_food_in_kg_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_grow_method: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_make_sound: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_breathe: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_two_shark_object_creation: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_age_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_food_in_kg_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_constructor_raises_error_when_food_in_kg_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_grow_method: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_make_sound: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_breathe: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_gold_fish_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_two_gold_fishes_object_creation: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_gold_fish_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_age_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_gold_fish_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_food_in_kg_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_gold_fish_constructor_raises_error_when_food_in_kg_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_gold_fish_grow_method: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_gold_fish_make_sound: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_gold_fish_breathe: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_two_snake_object_creation: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_age_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_constructor_raises_error_when_invalid_food_in_kg_is_given: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_constructor_raises_error_when_food_in_kg_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_grow_method: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_make_sound: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_breathe: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_intialization: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_add_food_to_reserves: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_animals_count: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_animals_count_does_not_change_other_zoo_count: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_lion: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_snake: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_Deer: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_Shark: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_gold_fish: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_to_lion_when_food_to_reserves_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_to_snake_when_food_to_reserves_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_to_deer_when_food_to_reserves_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_to_shark_when_food_to_reserves_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_feed_to_gold_fish_when_food_to_reserves_is_zero: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_hunt: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_lion_hunt_when_no_deer: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_hunt: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_snake_hunt_when_no_deer: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_hunt: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_shark_hunt_when_no_deer: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_count_animals_in_given_zoos: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_count_animals_in_given_zoos_are_empty: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_zoo_count_animals_in_all_zoos: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_encapsulation_for_deer: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_encapsulation_for_lion: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_encapsulation_for_shark: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_encapsulation_for_snake: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_encapsulation_for_gold_fish: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_encapsulation_for_zoo: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_class_methods_in_zoo_class: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_static_methods_in_zoo_class: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_class_methods_in_snake_class: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_class_methods_in_deer_class: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_class_methods_in_lion_class: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_class_methods_in_shark_class: failed
test_zoo_functionality.py::test_class_methods_in_gold_fish_class: failed
